#summary The to-do list for this project.
#labels Phase-Requirements

== To Fix ==

_If the problem is specific, consider using the issues tracking system._


== To Add ==


*Command line*
  * Determine how to handle stdout and stdin using command-line args
    * stdout seems to be a reasonable default for most text output, e.g. authors


*HTML output:*
  * Document-defined styles
    * The body will be nodes of the form: 
      {{{
      "<%s class="%s" id="%s">%s</%s>" % (tag, class, id, content, tag)
      }}}
    * The stylesheet in the header will be extracted from `styles.xml` -- this is more complicated, and might require a reference table for translating ODF XML to CSS.
    * The tag names are a little arbitrary, but should be selected sensibly at some point so that the HTML output looks reasonable with CSS disabled.
  * Embedded objects / images
  * Tables


*HTML input:*
  * Convert a single HTML page to an ODF text document.
  * ENH: Accept a list of HTML pages as arguments.
  * ENH: Follow stylesheet links and convert CSS to ODF styles.


*Diff*
  * See [http://freshmeat.net/projects/xmldiff/ Xmldiff]
  * Per-word diffing of `contents.xml` from each file is a good place to start; `styles.xml` is also worthwhile. The user should be able to select which components are included in the diff operation beween ODF files. 
  * ENH: Re-implement "track changes" as a diff patch to be included in the ODF file.

*Merge/Concatenate/Generate*
 * Command-line syntax could take the general form of a Python list comprehension. Automatically extract DOM nodes from each input document and join the output list of nodes into a new document.
   {{{
   [some_transform(node) for node in some_filter(input_file_1, input_file_2)]
   }}}

 * *Document templating system*
    * e.g. set up an interface for generating new documents with a predetermined set of styles, including headers, footers etc.
    * Also make an interface for generating reports using this system.


*Nice to have:*
  * Clean up styles: If two or more styles have the same attributes, pick one name for all of them and delete the other styles.



== Links ==

  * Rob Weir's proposal for an OpenDocument Developer's Kit: [http://opendocument.xml.org/node/154]

  * Bob Sutor's Dr. ODF project/blog series: [http://www.sutor.com/newsite/blog-open/?cat=93]


